README.md, before:

# MyWallet V3 Frontend [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/blockchain/My-Wallet-V3-Frontend.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/blockchain/My-Wallet-V3-Frontend) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/blockchain/My-Wallet-V3-Frontend/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/blockchain/My-Wallet-V3-Frontend?branch=master)

An AngularJS bitcoin web wallet powered by [My-Wallet-V3](https://github.com/blockchain/My-Wallet-V3).

This is the new and improved wallet. You can see it at [alpha.blockchain.info](https://alpha.blockchain.info/). For the original wallet at [blockchain.info](https://blockchain.info/) please see [this repository](https://github.com/blockchain/My-Wallet) or [contact support](http://blockchain.zendesk.com/).

## Setup

Make sure you have [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) installed.

Some NodeJS components need to be installed system wide:
```sh
npm install -g grunt-cli coffee-script
```

You also need Sass (use `sudo` if you're not using a [Ruby version manager](https://rvm.io)):
```sh
gem install sass
```

Install dependencies:
```sh
npm install
```

Create a file called `.env` in the root of the project. Put the following in it:

```
ROOT_URL=https://blockchain.info
```

Optionally you can add:

```
AUTO_RELOAD=1
WEBSOCKET_URL=wss://blockchain.info/inv
API_DOMAIN=https://api.blockchain.info
```

## Build

Grunt watches and compiles the Jade view templates and CSS. Keep it running:
```sh
grunt
```

## Test

To run test and monitor for changes:
```sh
npm test
```

A coverage report is generated after you run the test for the first time. Just open `coverage/index.html` in your browser.

## Run

Run local http server:
```sh
npm start
```

Visit [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080/).

## Developing My-Wallet-V3

If you are making changes to [My-Wallet-V3](https://github.com/blockchain/My-Wallet-V3) that you want to try out in the frontend, create a symlink:
```sh
rm My-Wallet-V3-Frontend/bower_components/blockchain-wallet/dist/my-wallet.js
ln -s ../../../../My-Wallet-V3/dist/my-wallet.js My-Wallet-V3-Frontend/bower_components/blockchain-wallet/dist/my-wallet.js
```

## Usage

You can open any wallet registered with your email address. It will ask you to upgrade to HD if needed. You can also sign up for a new wallet.

After login, you'll see a list of accounts. There will be delay before transactions and the correct balances show up. If something goes wrong during the login process, error messages appear in the console.

To automatically login and go back to where you last were in the app after every page refresh, create a file `.env` and add `AUTO_RELOAD=1` to it.

To reclaim funds from an email take code at the of link and add it to `#/claim`, e.g.:

    https://blockchain.info/wallet/claim#7Educ5YNnVPQCQ556w7W8tQpj1dchhxPK56vVNab68cK
    http://localhost:8080/#/claim/7Educ5YNnVPQCQ556w7W8tQpj1dchhxPK56vVNab68cK

If you enable "handle bitcoin links" in your wallet settings, you can open bitcoin URI's like this one:

    bitcoin:?address=1FeerpCgswvGRLVKme759C96DUBtf7SvA2?amount=0.01

## Contribute

Did you know you can [sign your commits](https://git-scm.com/book/tr/v2/Git-Tools-Signing-Your-Work) using a PGP key?

## Testnet

Not supported by the server yet.

## Security

Security issues can be reported to us in the following venues:

 * Email: security@blockchain.info
 * Bug Bounty: https://www.crowdcurity.com/blockchain-info

Commit message:

feat(Deploy): make it easier to run wallet on local machine

README.md, after:

# Blockchain.info Wallet [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/blockchain/My-Wallet-V3-Frontend.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/blockchain/My-Wallet-V3-Frontend) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/blockchain/My-Wallet-V3-Frontend/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/blockchain/My-Wallet-V3-Frontend?branch=master)

Be Your Own Bank at [blockchain.info/wallet](https://blockchain.info/wallet). Please [contact support](http://blockchain.zendesk.com/) if you have any issues using the wallet.

## Run the wallet on your own computer

The normal and easiest way to use our wallet is to go to [blockchain.info/wallet](https://blockchain.info/wallet). However if you like more control over the exact code that runs in your browser, you can download the source code and run the wallet from a simple server on your own machine. Here's how:

 1. Install [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/)
 2. `git clone git@github.com:blockchain/My-Wallet-V3-Frontend.git -b v1.7.27 --single-branch --depth 1`
 3. `make server`

Login to your existing wallet or create a new one at `http://localhost:8080/`.

You can replace `v1.7.27` with any tagged version you like, but we recommend always using the latest [release](https://github.com/blockchain/My-Wallet-V3-Frontend/releases). The versions marked as pre-release have not gone through extensive internal testing yet.

Note that the wallet itself is still stored on Blockchain.info servers. It is encrypted with your password. The wallet also uses the Blockchain.info servers to show you your balance, notify you of new payments, submit transactions, etc.

## About

The frontend code in this repository uses AngularJS. The Bitcoin specific tasks are handled by [My-Wallet-V3](https://github.com/blockchain/My-Wallet-V3), which is included via Bower.

## Develop

Make sure you have [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) installed.

You also need Sass (use `sudo` if you're not using a [Ruby version manager](https://rvm.io)):
```sh
gem install sass
```

Install dependencies:
```sh
npm install
```

Create a file called `.env` in the root of the project. Put the following in it:

```
ROOT_URL=https://blockchain.info
```

Optionally you can add:

```
AUTO_RELOAD=1
WEBSOCKET_URL=wss://blockchain.info/inv
API_DOMAIN=https://api.blockchain.info
```

## Build

Grunt watches and compiles the Jade view templates and CSS. Keep it running:
```sh
grunt
```

## Test

To run test and monitor for changes:
```sh
npm test
```

A coverage report is generated after you run the test for the first time. Just open `coverage/index.html` in your browser.

## Run

Run local http server:
```sh
npm start
```

Visit [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080/).

## Developing My-Wallet-V3

If you are making changes to [My-Wallet-V3](https://github.com/blockchain/My-Wallet-V3) that you want to try out in the frontend, create a symlink:
```sh
rm My-Wallet-V3-Frontend/bower_components/blockchain-wallet/dist/my-wallet.js
ln -s ../../../../My-Wallet-V3/dist/my-wallet.js My-Wallet-V3-Frontend/bower_components/blockchain-wallet/dist/my-wallet.js
```

To automatically login and go back to where you last were in the app after every page refresh, create a file `.env` and add `AUTO_RELOAD=1` to it.

If you enable "handle bitcoin links" in your wallet settings, you can open bitcoin URI's like this one:

    bitcoin:?address=1FeerpCgswvGRLVKme759C96DUBtf7SvA2?amount=0.01

## Contribute

Bug fixes and feedback on our code is always appreciated.

## Security

Security issues can be reported to us in the following venues:

 * Email: security@blockchain.info
 * Bug Bounty: https://www.crowdcurity.com/blockchain-info
